New York. Queens.
It's a rough borough,
but, hey, it's home.
Who you talking to?
No one. Just making
a little video of the trip.
You know you can't
show it to anyone.
Yeah, I know.
Then why are you
narrating in that voice?
- Um.... Because it's fun.
- Fun.
So, uh, why do
they call you Happy?
Come on.
I'm not carrying your bags. Let's go.
Hey, should I go to
the bathroom before?
There's a bathroom on it.
Whoa, no pilot? That's awesome.
- Ahh.
- Is that where you're gonna sit?
Yeah.
This is your first time
on a private plane?
My first time on any plane.
Should it--? Should it be--?
Should it be making that noise?
Shh. Shh.
No one has actually told me why
I'm in Berlin or what I'm doing.
Something about Captain
America going crazy.
- This is you.
- Oh, we're neighbors?
We're not roommates. Suit up.
Okay, Peter, you got this.
- What the hell are you wearing?
- It's my suit.
- Where's the case?
- What case?
What?
I thought that was a closet.
- This is still my room?
- Go.
- My room is way bigger than--
- There.
I found the case.
"A minor upgrade"?
Whoa.
Oh, my God.
- Put it on.
- What the--?
This is the coolest
thing I've ever seen--
- Let's go.
- But, yeah. Well, I don't understand.
Is it for me? Happy.
Happy, wait.
This is insane. Insane.
Look at this thing.
Look. Look at the eyes.
- This is the greatest day of my life. Okay.
- Let's go.
Okay, there's Captain
America, Iron Man...
...Black Widow.
Whoa, who's that new guy?
- Underoos!
- Oh, that's me. I gotta go. I gotta go.
Hey, everyone.
The craziest thing
just happened.
I just had a fight with Captain America.
I stole his shield. I threw it at him--
What the hell? He's big now.
I gotta go. Hang on.
It was the most amazing thing!
Mr. Stark was like, "Hey, Underoos!"
I flipped in and stole Cap's shield.
I was like, "What's up, everybody?" And--
Hey, just a second! Coming!
Hey.
We have thin walls here.
What are you doing,
a little video diary?
- Yeah.
- It's all right.
- I'd do the same thing.
- I told him not to.
- He was filming. I'm gonna wipe the chip.
- Okay.
Hey. You know what?
We should make an alibi video
for your aunt anyway. You ready?
- An alibi? Sure. Okay.
- We rolling? Get in the frame.
Hey, May. How you doing? What are
you wearing? Something skimpy, I hope.
Ha-ha-ha.
Peter, that's inappropriate.
Let's start over.
- You can edit it.
- Mm-hm.
- Three, two, one. Hey, May.
- Ha-ha-ha.
My gosh, uh, I wanted to tell you
what an incredible job your nephew did...
...this weekend at the
Stark internship retreat.
Everyone was impressed.
Come on!
It's a freaking merge. I'm sorry.
This is because you're
not on Queens Boulevard.
See, Happy is hoping to get
bumped up to asset management.
He was forehead of security,
before that he was a driver.
That was a private conversation.
I don't like joking about this.
It was hard to talk about that.
No, seriously, was
he snoring a bunch?
Here we are.
End of the line. Whoops.
Can you give us a moment?
- Want me to leave?
- Grab Peter's case out of the trunk.
I can keep the suit?
Yes, we were
just talking about it.
Do me a favor, though.
Happy's kind of your point guy on this.
Don't stress him out.
Don't do anything stupid.
I've seen his cardiogram.
- All right?
- Yes.
Don't do anything I would do,
and don't do anything I wouldn't do.
There's a little gray area in there.
That's where you operate.
- Wait, does that mean I'm an Avenger?
- No.
- This it?
- Seventh floor.
- I can take that. You don't have to.
- You'll take it?
- Yeah, I can take that.
- Thank you.
So when's our next, uh--?
When's our next "retreat," you know?
- What, next mission?
- Yeah, the mission. The missions.
- We'll call you.
- Do you have my numbers?
No, I mean, we'll call you.
- Like, someone will call you. All right?
- Oh.
- From your team.
- Okay. All right.
It's not a hug. I'm just grabbing
the door for you. We're not there yet.
Bye.
They're gonna call me.
What's up, Penis Parker?
Rise and shine, Midtown
Science and Technology.
Don't forget about your
homecoming tickets.
Do you have a date
for homecoming?
Thanks, Jason, but I
already have a date.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
Morning.
Ahh, damn it.
You, in my office right now.
Hi!
Join me, and together...
...we'll build my new
LEGO Death Star.
- What?
- So lame.
That's awesome. How many pieces?
Three thousand eight
hundred and three.
- That's insane.
- I know. You want to build it tonight?
No, I can't tonight.
I've got the Stark--
- Mm-hm. Stark internship.
- Yeah, exactly.
Always got that internship.
Yeah, well, hopefully, soon
it'll lead to a real job with them.
- That would be so sweet.
- Right?
He'd be all, "Good job on
those spreadsheets, Peter."
"Here's a gold coin."
- I don't know how jobs work.
- That's exactly how they work.
Oh, heh.
I'll knock out the bones
of the Death Star.
I'll come by afterwards. For the most part,
the difficult thing is the base of it.
The top half we can
knock out in two hours, tops.
That'd be great.
I'm gonna be late.
Okay, so how do we
calculate linear acceleration...
...between points A and B?
Flash.
It's the product of sine of the
angle and gravity divided by mass.
Nope. Peter. You still with us?
Uh, uh, yeah, yeah.
Uh....
Mass cancels out, so
it's just gravity times sine.
Right. See, Flash, being the fastest
isn't always the best if you are wrong.
You're dead.
Today we're talking about
Danish physicist Niels Bohr...
...but trust me, there's
nothing Bohr-ing...
...about his discoveries
regarding quantum theory.
Did Liz get a new top?
No. We've seen that before,
but never with that skirt.
- Liz, hey. That looks so good.
- Hi!
We should probably stop staring
before it gets creepy.
Too late.
You guys are losers.
Well, then why
do you sit with us?
Because I don't
have any friends.
Next question.
What is the heaviest
naturally-occurring element?
Hydrogen's the lightest.
That's not the question. Okay.
- Yeah.
- Uranium.
Correct. Thank you, Abraham.
- Yes.
- Please open your books to page 10.
Peter, it's nationals.
Is there no way you could
take one weekend off?
I can't go to Washington. If Mr. Stark
needs me, I have to make sure I'm here.
You've never been in the
same room as Tony Stark.
Wait. What's happening?
- Peter's not going to Washington.
- No.
- No, no, no.
- Why not?
Really? Right before nationals?
He already quit marching
band and robotics lab.
I'm not obsessed with him.
Just very observant.
Flash, you're in for Peter.
I don't know.
I gotta check my calendar first.
I got a hot date with
Black Widow coming up.
That is false.
What'd I tell you about using
the bell for comedic purposes?
- They're topside, sir!
- Tier 1 has LOS!
We've got all exits covered.
All right. Stay alert.
I'm sending in alpha squad.
Natasha Romanoff is in
violation of the Sokovia Accords.
She assaulted the
king of Wakanda.
Make an example out of her.
- Yeah?
- Don't do this.
Do what?
Come after me.
I mean, you're embarrassing yourself.
It looks desperate.
Thought maybe you'd
be calling me to cut a deal.
'Cause from my vantage point,
it's the federal fugitive
who's desperate.
From my vantage point, you look
like you could use some bed rest.
What is this, your
second triple bypass?
I wouldn't worry about me.
We got Barton, we got
Wilson and that other guy,
the incredible
shrinking convict.
Rogers is on the run.
You got no friends.
Where you gonna go?
I've lived a lot of lives
before I met you, Ross.
You shouldn't have gone
to all this trouble. I'm done.
Romanoff?
Got an empty nest,
Secretary Ross.
Her tracker, sir.
You're in my bed.
I'm... I'm not even
under the covers.
Did you get
everything on my list?
Got passports, entry visas,
a couple of local driver's licenses.
Mix and match, you should be able
to stretch it to 20 or so identities.
Fanny Longbottom?
- What?
- What, are you 12?
That is a legitimate name.
We've got a generator outside.
It's petrol-powered. And the septic tank
will need a flush in a couple of weeks,
but, you know, I've got
a guy coming for that.
You have to haul your rubbish into town.
It's just a 20-minute drive.
I've got your basic hardware
kit stashed under the stairs.
Nice.
Are you okay?
Why wouldn't I be?
I hear things. You know, something
about the Avengers getting divorced...
Ugh. It's fine.
I'm actually better on my own.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Because you can
tell me, you know.
That's the way the
whole friends thing works.
I know. I have friends.
People who have
friends don't call me.
And I don't pay you to worry.
Oh, hey.
What's all this junk?
Oh, just some mail and personals
from the Budapest safe house.
Budapest?
Yeah. Budapest.
- No, it's "Budapest."
- Budapest.
Budapest.
- It's "Budapest." Sh.
- Whatever.
I knew you weren't going back there,
so I've got someone else in the flat now.
Sorry you went through the trouble.
I would've told you to chuck it.
Well, if you don't want it,
throw it in the rubbish.
What's going on?
It's the car. It lost power.
It won't start.
The car no start.
What happened?
The engine failed.
Ours, too.
What is it, Captain?
Defense positions.
Are we under attack?
Get around to the side.
Defense positions.
Hey. Defense positions!
No games.
What do you see?
Come in. Come in.
Over there! Look back!
Watch out!
T'Challa, no!
This one's just a boy.
He got kidnapped as well.
Nakia...
I...
- I wanted...
- Hey!
I have her! Don't move!
I will shoot!
I will shoot her right now.
You froze.
Ah...
Why are you here?
You've ruined my mission.
My father is dead, Nakia.
I will be crowned king tomorrow.
And I wish for you to be there.
Carry yourselves home now.
Thank you.
And take the boy.
Get him to his people.
Thank you oh.
You will speak
nothing of this day.
Yes.
Thank you.
Sister Nakia...
My Prince...
we are home.
This never gets old.
Queen Mother...
Princess...
My comfort for your loss.
Thank you, Nakia.
It is so good to have
you back with us.
Take her to the River Province
to prepare her for the ceremony.
Yes, General.
Did he freeze?
Like an antelope in headlights.
Are you finished?
So surprised my
little sister came
to see me off
before our big day.
You wish!
I'm here for the EMP beads.
I've developed an update.
Update? No. It worked perfectly.
How many times do
I have to teach you?
Just because something works
doesn't mean that it
cannot be improved.
You are teaching me?
What do you know?
More than you.
I can't wait to see what
kind of update you make...
to your ceremonial outfit.
Shuri!
Sorry, Mother!
How are you feeling today, Mama?
Proud.
Your father and I would talk
about this day all the time.
He is with us...
and it is your time to be king.
- Hey, what's up?
- Hey, man.
What's up, Mr. Delmar?
Hey, Mr. Parker.
Number five, right?
Yeah, um, and with pickles, and can
you smush it down real flat? Thanks.
You got it, boss.
How's your aunt?
Yeah, she's all right.
- Ten dollars.
- It's 5 dollars.
- For that comment, 10 dollars.
- Hey, come on. I'm joking. I'm joking.
Here's 5 dollars.
What's up, Murph?
How you doing, buddy?
So how's school?
Ah, it's boring.
Got better things to do.
Stay in school, kid. Otherwise,
you're gonna end up like me.
- This is great.
- Best sandwiches in Queens.
♪ Hey, ho, let's go ♪
Ahh, finally.
- What's the matter with you?
- Could you hold this?
- Thanks.
- Aah!
Hey, is this anybody's bike? No?
- Hey, buddy, is this your bike?
- I have no change.
Does anyone have a pen?
Do you have a pen?
♪ Pulsating to the back beat ♪
Whoo! Everybody good?
♪ Hey, ho, let's go ♪
♪ Shoot 'em in the back now ♪
Hey!
You're that spider guy
on YouTube, right?
Call me Spider-Man.
Okay, Spider-Man. Do a flip.
- Yeah!
- Not bad.
♪ They're piling
in the back seat ♪
♪ They're generating
steam heat ♪
♪ Pulsating to the backbeat ♪
Hey, buddy.
- Shouldn't steal cars, it's bad.
- It's my car, dumbass!
Hey! Shut that off!
- Can you tell him it's my car?
- I was--
- I work at nights. Come on.
- That's not your car!
- That's his car.
- How was I supposed to know?
- He was putting that in the window!
- Every day with these alarms!
- Shut it off!
- Don't make me come down there, punk.
Hey, Gary. How you doing?
Marjorie, how are you?
How's your mother?
♪ Hey, ho, let's go ♪
♪ Hey, ho, let's go ♪♪
I'm good, I'm good.
I, Zuri...
son of Badu...
give to you...
Prince T'Challa...
the Black Panther!
The prince...
will now have the strength
of the Black Panther...
stripped away.
Victory in ritual combat...
comes by yield or death.
If any tribe wishes
to put forth a warrior...
I now offer...
a path to the throne.
The Merchant Tribe
will not challenge today.
The Border Tribe
The River Tribe
will not challenge today.
The Mining Tribe
Is there any member
of a royal blood...
who wishes to
challenge for the throne?
This corset is really
uncomfortable...
so could we all just
wrap it up and go home?
Mother!
Are they Jabari? Yes.
M'Baku, what are you doing here?
It's challenge day.
We have watched...
and listened from the mountains!
We have watched with disgust...
as your technological
advancements
have been overseen by a child!
Who scoffs at tradition!
And now you want
to hand the nation
over to this prince...
who could not keep
his own father safe.
Mmm?
We will not have it.
I said, we will not have it, oh!
I, M'Baku...
leader of the Jabari...
I accept your challenge, M'Baku.
Glory to Hanuman.
Jabari!
Dora Milaje!
Let the challenge begin!
Oh!
Stand up!
Come!
T'Challa!
Where is your god now?
Yes!
No powers.
No claws.
No special suit, oh!
Just a boy not fit to lead!
Show him who you are!
I am Prince T'Challa...
son of King T'Chaka!
You can do this, T'Challa!
Yes!
Come on!
Yield! Don't make me kill you.
I would rather die!
T'Challa!
You have fought with honor!
Now yield! Your people need you.
T'Challa!
Yield, man!
Yes! Yes!
I now present to you...
King T'Challa...
the Black Panther.
Zuri.
My King.
Wakanda forever!
You have reached
the voicemail box of:
Happy Hogan.
Hey, Happy.
Here's my report for tonight.
I stopped a grand theft bicycle.
Couldn't find the owner,
so I just left a note, um....
I helped this lost,
old Dominican lady.
She was really nice
and bought me a churro.
I just, um, feel like
I could be doing more.
You know? Just curious when
the next real mission's gonna be.
So, yeah, just call me back.
It's Peter. Parker.
Why would I tell
him about the churro?
Hey, hey. Aah.
Okay.
- Can't wait to see this thing.
- Finally, something good.
Yo, this high-tech
stuff makes it too easy.
- Told you it was worth it.
- Okay, go, go, go.
Oh, nice.
We can hit, like, five
more places tonight.
What's up, guys?
You forget your PIN number?
Whoa, you're the Avengers.
What are you guys doing here?
Thor. Hulk. Good to
finally meet you guys.
Unh!
I thought you'd be more
handsome in person. Iron Man!
Hey, what are you doing robbing a bank?
You're a billionaire.
Hey--
Oh, this feels so weird.
What is that thing?
I'm starting to think
you're not the Avengers.
911. What's your emergency?
Uh, Spider-Man is fighting the
Avengers in a bank on 21st Street.
Let's wrap this up.
It's a school night.
Aah!
So how do jerks like
you get tech like this?
No. Wait, wait, wait!
Mr. Delmar.
Hey, Mr. Delmar, you in here?
Is anybody in here? Hello?
Oh, come on.
I gotta--
- Here, here.
- Good, yeah.
Okay. Good. Yes.
Yes-- No. No, put that down.
That's worth more
than you or me.
- Yeah?
- The craziest thing just happened.
These guys were
robbing an ATM...
- ...with high-tech weapons--
- Take a breath. I don't have time...
- ...for ATM robberies...
- Yeah, but--
...or the notes you leave.
I have moving day to worry about.
Everything's gotta
be out next week.
- Wait. You're moving? Who's moving?
- Yeah, don't you watch the news?
Tony sold Avengers Tower. We're
relocating to a new facility upstate...
- ...where hopefully cell service is worse.
- But what about me?
- What about you?
- Unh!
Well, what if Mr. Stark needs
me or something big goes down?
- Can I please talk to Mr. Stark?
- Stay away from anything dangerous.
I'm responsible for making
sure you're responsible, okay?
I am responsible. I-- Oh, crap.
- My backpack's gone.
- That doesn't sound responsible.
- I'll call you back.
- Feel free not to.
What was that?
Uh, it's nothing. Nothing.
You're the Spider-Man.
- From YouTube.
- I'm not. I'm not.
- You were on the ceiling.
- No. What are you doing in my room?
May let me in.
We were gonna finish the Death Star.
You can't just
bust into my room!
Ha-ha. That turkey meatloaf
recipe is a disaster.
Let's go to dinner. Thai?
Ned, you want Thai?
- Yes.
- No. He's got a thing.
A thing to do after.
Okay.
Maybe put on some clothes.
- Oh, she doesn't know?
- Nobody knows.
Mr. Stark knows because
he made my suit. That's it.
Tony Stark made you that?
Are you an Avenger?
Yeah, basically.
Whoa....
You can't tell anybody about this.
You gotta keep it a secret.
- Secret? Why?
- You know what she's like.
If she finds out people try and kill me
every night, she won't let me do this.
Come on, Ned, please.
Okay, okay, okay.
I'll level with you.
I can't keep this a secret.
It's the greatest thing
that's ever happened to me.
Ned, May cannot know.
I cannot do that to her right now.
You know? I mean, everything
that's happened with her, I-- Please.
- Okay.
- Just swear it, okay?
I swear.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
I can't believe this
is happening now.
- Can I try the suit on?
- No.
How's it work? Magnets?
How do you shoot the strings?
- I'm gonna tell you at school tomorrow.
- Great.
Okay, well, wait, then.
How do you do this
and the Stark internship?
This is the Stark internship.
- Oh.
- Just get out of here.
What's the matter?
Thought you loved larb.
It's too larby?
Not larby enough.
How many times do I have to
say "larb" before you talk to me?
You know I larb you.
I'm just stressed.
The internship, and I'm tired.
A lot of work.
The Stark internship.
I have to tell you, not
a fan of that Tony Stark.
You're distracted all the time.
He's got you in your head.
Delmar's Sandwiches
was destroyed...
What does he have you doing?
- ...in an explosion...
- You need to use your instincts.
...after an ATM robbery was thwarted
by Queens' own crime stopper...
What?
...the Spider-Man.
As the Spider-Man
attempted to foil their heist...
...a powerful blast was set off, slicing
through the bodega across the street.
Miraculously, no one was harmed.
If you spot something like that happening,
you turn and you run the other way.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Of course.
Six blocks away from us.
I, uh, need a new backpack.
- What?
- I need a new backpack.
That's five.
- Sticky rice pudding.
- We didn't order that.
It's on the house.
Oh, thanks.
That's nice of him.
I think he larbs you, heh.
Allow the Heart-Shaped Herb...
to restore the powers
of the Black Panther...
and take you to
the Ancestral Plane.
T'Chaka...
we call on you.
Come here to your son.
I'm sorry.
Stand up.
You are a king.
That is not what I
am talking about.
I am not ready
to be without you.
A man who has not
prepared his children
for his own death...
has failed as a father.
Have I ever failed you?
Never.
Tell me how to best
protect Wakanda.
I want to be a
great king, Baba.
Just like you.
You're going to struggle.
So you'll need to
surround yourself
with people you trust.
You're a good man
with a good heart.
And it's hard for a
good man to be king.
Breathe.
T'Challa, breathe.
He was there.
He was there. My father.
Why did you break
up the encounter
with my pet python?
Because I discovered
he had a crush on me.
Moonraker 1 on
preset launch program...
Oh, great.
...minus two minutes.
Retract crew access...
I'm pretty sure Ross
has no jurisdiction here.
And you should know I'm a
better shot when I'm pissed off.
You're not here for me.
Oh, shit.
- Where's the locksmith?
- I called the fire department.
- Yeah?
- They said they've seen this before.
- It takes like six or seven hours.
- Oh, my Gosh.
- We're stuck here for life with him.
- It'll dissolve.
You just have to have patience.